Add helper to manually stop agent processes (#222)
appsignal/appsignal-python: .changesets/new-helper-to-manually-stop-all-agent-processes.md

---
bump: patch
type: add
---

> New helper to manually stop all agent processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add helper to manually stop all agent processes.
```

> Some specific contexts as serverless functions require to ensure all the data is sent to AppSignal before finishing. To achieve this, a new method (`appsignal.stop_agent_processes()`) gracefully stops all AppSignal processes so the data is not lost when wrapping up the app or function execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some contexts, like serverless functions, exit before AppSignal can ensure all data is sent to our servers. To ensure the data is sent, the new `appsignal.stop()` method can be called to gracefully stop the AppSignal agent process.
```
